What did you ask that animal
to do? Claude needed to be protected.
That's all I've ever done,
is protected him and you.
Where do you think you'd be without him?
- What does he know about us?
- He was interested in me.
He knows all about us.
I just wanted to let
you know it was taken care of.
I don't need to know any more about
it, Victor. Neither does Paul. Ever.
I'm proposing
that you do it again.
This time, I'll pick the garments.
But I'm not a model. Why not...
You're no longer the little girl
sitting at Marianne's feet,
making dolls out of spools.
You've grown up.
Some scruffy Cinderella...
out in the streets playing
dress-up in my clothes.
This skirt could dress a dozen children.
Why didn't you ask me
to wear these clothes?
It looks like this was taken by me.
But it's not possible. I gave
you all of the negatives.
It must have been taken
by somebody else.
We're done drawing on our stockings.
Women want to feel
pampered, beautiful again.
If your next collection
fails, Monsieur Sabine,
our partnership is effectively over
and you will owe me everything.
Hello? Who's calling.
Aren't you curious what this
guy was up to three years ago?
It's a Bruchner, right? What have you
gotta do to get a gift like that?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Oh, I love this one.
Are you looking for Marc?
How do you know my husband?
Are you looking for Marc? You're
not in the Navy, are you?
Kiss me.
No, stop! Claude!
- There...
- I took the neck down.
It's very good otherwise.
If we pin it on the back, maybe?
Mm... It needs to be lifted.
- Maybe more...
- Let's put another metre.
- More fabric.
- Double up on the folds.
Monsieur, your wife just arrived
for your first meeting with the
parfumier, Monsieur Cassatt.
And the marquis' daughter
is on her way over.
Scissors.
Another fitting. Her request.
We have a very jumpy bride.
- She wants Marianne to...
- Marianne's busy.
Explain that we're five
weeks out from a show.
I told her.
Very nice.
- Lovely.
- Hmm. Thank you, monsieur.
Some of the girls have asked about the new
designs. They're eager to get started.
They'll have the sketches
when they're ready.
Are we waiting for Monsieur
Trouvier's approval?
No. Monsieur Trouvier will see
them after they've been executed.
That's the beauty of a
silent partner, Charlotte.
They stay silent.
Stan Rossi checking in.
- Rossi?
- Hey.
What are you doing here?
Why are you back in Paris?
- I'm on a new assignment.
- You disappeared.
I followed a story back to London,
then Berlin, then Vienna.
What's wrong, kid? Did you miss me?
-What's the new assignment?
-I'm back on the fashion trail.
Doing a profile on Frederic Lemare.
Sabine was his protégé, his
right-hand man, during the war.
I thought writing about ball
gowns was a one-time punishment?
So did I.
But I heard Lemare's a tough old
tiger with a helluva story.
Used to be head of the
Chambre Syndicale.
Who asked for this?
I know Life magazine
booted you because...
Life magazine ain't the
only rag on the rack.
I gotta go, kid.
You left a book in your room.
There was a note inside.
Who wrote that?
The note.
I don't recall any note.
Well, I don't think
you'd forget this one.
Stan, what is it with
you and this crusade
to try and crack open Paul Sabine?
There's no crusade, Billy.
I'm just a reporter.
And a sucker for a story
with a few good twists.
You can keep the book.
Couldn't finish it.
Think I'm losing my
appetite for fiction.
Wake up, Claude! You've got work to do!
It's time to get up. Come on.
Up, up, up, up.
Get up. Oh, get out!
I was having a horrible dream.
- Were you?
- Mmm.
A potato with a mouth
was shouting at me.
Charming. Find your trousers.
Your brother's in a meeting
to produce a fragrance
for the clothes you haven't
even designed yet.
I'm confused.
Is this dress from the new
collection or the last one?
You have a splendid memory, my friend.
Erm, I've asked Dominique and Elise
to model a few from last year
to inspire and provide a
launching point for discussion.
Wouldn't it be more inspiring
to see what's next?
I could never pry those creations
from my workers' hands. Not
while they're still alive.
Seamstresses are quite possessive.
They each treat the dress
they're working on
as their precious baby and
they won't surrender it
until they absolutely have to.
Could you, er... at least share
the theme of this new collection?
Who can I pry that from?
It's... sensitive.
If a theme is leaked and
other houses found out...
Other houses have given me something
real to look at, my friend.
That's my launching point to
design a signature scent.
Pardon. Monsieur Cassatt, you
have a call from your office.
Could you please tell
them I'm on my way back?
Well, we can continue this later.
I'm intrigued, but I wouldn't
want to force you to do anything
that would make you, or your
workers, uncomfortable.
Give my regards to your uncle, Helen.
Tell him I'm feeling much lighter.
That appendix was weighing me down.
Thank you, girls.
You could have walked upstairs and grabbed
one of the sketches from your desk.
Really? The ones you scraped
out of Claude's rubbish?
I taped them together.
What message does that send?
"I destroyed this, monsieur,
because it's absolutely shit
"but perhaps you'll have
more confidence in it."
He's not a critic, Paul.
He's a businessman.
So am I.
Presentation is everything.
We both know that.
Hey. Have you seen Nina? I
really need to speak to her.
- Do you need any help?
- Sure.
Peel it off and put my
ribs back in place.
Monsieur wants several of the
models to adopt the look.
Short hair is so chic right now.
For a child. My hair is my trademark.
It's what gets me jobs.
Not the hair on her head.
Keep walking.
I heard Monsieur had to
give him a transfusion.
Isn't taking his money enough?
What was it? A gambling debt?
Sure. He bet on the wrong horse.
- Ow!
- Sorry.
Monsieur's back in his office.
- We'll take his lift.
- Morning.
Hey. Morning.
I asked the front desk
and nobody remembers anyone
stopping by to see...
I wouldn't give
it too much thought.
We still don't know how that
photo of Nina in the market
ended up in the papers, and...
You don't think your colleague
had anything to do with it?
Maybe it's a stretch but...
if he's suddenly back in Paris
and he's doing this piece
on Frederic Lemare...
Lemare's a worthy subject.
The Germans tried to move the
couture industry to Berlin.
Lemare fought to keep it in Paris.
And succeeded.
I applaud any reporter
wanting to tell that story.
Right, but someone sent that note...
It's a vicious business, Billy.
Couture houses live from
collection to collection.
Your chances of survival are much higher
if you can take down the competition.
Our enemies are hoping to distract us.
I... I'd still like to...
to question Rossi...
Don't.
I submitted that picture from
the market to the newspapers.
It gave us more than a
thousand words, didn't it?
I... I suppose.
I probably should have
mentioned it to you before.
No, I...
It's your property, it's
your photo, your dress.
You can do whatever you want with it.
I just, um...
I do think Nina should know.
I don't think that would be a
helpful thing for her to know.
Don't you agree?
No...
Now, have you finished the
session with Dominique?
Uh... no. I, uh...
No. I changed the concept.
I was thinking...
Surprise me.
Here, your turn.
If he looks up, aim for his mouth.
Come on. Play.
You were gone for months.
Got tired of playing this game alone.
I called the convent.
The Mother Abbess answered.
I hung up.
What were you going to ask her?
I don't know. I just...
I want to know he's OK.
You had a boy.
Nina, I think you should go see him.
At least once.
It's a day there and back.
Ask Claude to send you out
of town on an errand.
Claude?
Why not?
He's your friend, isn't he?
-Perhaps we adjust the sleeve...
-It's not my arms.
It's my neck, my waist, my chest.
I feel like someone is
sitting on my chest.
I think, if we alter this seam...
But what about the collar?
It's choking me.
I feel like a sausage!
Giselle, don't forget,
you have a lovely veil.
That's not going to make
breathing any easier.
Ah. Marianne mentioned you might
want to order some new material.
Yes, please. New material.
I want new material.
Giselle, there's nothing wrong...
I want something that breathes!
What the fuck are you doing?
- Claude.
- I want to see my neck.
You don't have a neck! Why do
you think we gave you a collar?
What does he mean, I have no neck?
He didn't mean it. You have
a lovely neck, Giselle.
- Would you like some more champagne?
- No!
- I'll apologise for you.
- Oh, you do that.
- Ungrateful cow!
- Ssh.
Maybe you want to put your energy
into the clients we don't have yet!
- Go away. Get out of Paris.
- What?
Use the cottage. Take long walks,
take naps, count the fucking stars!
Mama can cook your meals and keep the
flies off you. You only need to work!
I need the work.
Try this.
Just use the space, all right? Just...
Have fun.
Nice. OK.
Look to me. Very nice.
Hold that. Hold that.
Right, this is a dog leash.
Very good.
OK, straighter with the hand. I
like that line. That's nice.
Put your arm out like that.
Sorry.
Can I make it up to you?
Unless you don't want to see a side of
this city that doesn't fit into this room?
Glad you called, Paul. When you worked
for me, you never took time for lunch.
Well, you had too many orders, Frederic.
Everybody wanted to wear Lemare.
Doing the fragrance now. Was
that your idea or Trouvier's?
Helen's.
Ah. Oh, I see.
So your pretty wife's still
your most valuable asset?
Very lucky for you to be on the
receiving end of Trouvier's gifts.
I didn't have anyone bank-rolling
me when I started out.
Not that anyone is more
deserving than you, of course.
Clearly time for the old guard to
step aside and make room for the new.
Oh, I think there's room for both.
No, actually, there isn't.
Frederic...
Perhaps it's time for me
to put my energy elsewhere.
Read a book, plant a rose,
spend more time at the house in Spain.
You're not ready to leave
Paris, and you know it.
You've outlasted everyone
in this business.
Given more women confidence
than anyone who's ever lived.
You're beginning to sound
like the American reporter.
Be careful, Frederic.
I met with Monsieur Rossi
several weeks ago.
Life magazine asked him to
do a story on our atelier.
So he approached you before me?
I see. That's interesting.
I could have done without his attention.
He seemed more curious about the past...
...than the present.
You might want to keep
the door half closed.
Why? I've got nothing to hide.
I saved the industry.
If this American wants to know how,
I'd be happy to show him
my medal from de Gaulle.
And when he asks questions
you're not prepared to answer?
I had a specific job to do,
Paul, and I did it well.
I can't be held accountable
for actions taken by
others working under me.
There were hundreds on the
payroll during the war.
I couldn't possibly monitor
their behaviour...
...or keep track of their allegiances.
Welcome back. You've been missed.
Yes, I've heard all the joyful whispers.
I missed you.
What a shame.
That collar was such a beautiful detail.
So... what do you need?
Er... more of this?
A favour. Can you send me out of town?
What for?
Er... this?
Where are you going?
What's wrong?
Is this about what
happened at the market?
No.
You've been different ever since
you came back from your auntie's.
- No, I haven't.
- Yes, you have.
It's like she's sucked
all the life out of you.
Did she use you as a hot water bottle?
Please. Just help me leave for the day.
Just promise me one thing.
You'll come back.
Your brother is looking for you.
I'm not apologising to the bride.
So if he wants me to
turn the other cheek,
tell him she's more than
welcome to a look at both.
He said you and your
mother need the car.
You're going out to the country.
- Did he mean the cottage?
- Yes. Why?
But what's the purpose of the trip?
- Sightseeing.
- Why are you going?
Did you ask this many
questions in your last job?
Because my understanding
was you just took orders.
I'll let her know you're here.
Let me help.
Your arm's still weak.
I'm fine.
God, what have you got in
here, your favourite chair?
Those are dishes. And a decent pot.
How long do you think we'll stay here?
As long as it takes. You
need peace and quiet.
I had pretty yellow pills for that.
- They're gone.
- Never mind.
Oh, my God.
It's nothing.
Have you got the key?
Does your
mother know you're here?
I was sent to Alençon
to pick up supplies
but I was close so...
I got back on the train,
hoping I could see him.
Visits aren't allowed, Nina.
You know that.
I just want to hold him for a...
I'm afraid that's not possible.
We introduced him to a very
lovely couple last week.
They've already taken him.
The adoption will soon be formalised.
I know it's difficult to hear, Nina,
but this has to be a source
of relief, not suffering.
God has provided a family
that's well off and...
stable, who can offer
this child a future.
Something you cannot.
Don't you want what's best for him?
Marc!
- Marc!
- Claude. Who are you talking to?
He's in... He's in there!
Who?
There's no-one here but us.
Please. Come inside, Claude.
Come on.
There. It's all right. Come on.
There.
Come on. It's all right.
There's no-one there.
Come on. Come on, Claude.
I don't understand. Why now?
It's just a little luncheon.
There are 30 names on this list,
Paul, and you don't do little.
If you want to host
something in his honour,
then throw Lemare a
party after the show.
Why squander these resources?
Because I owe it to him, Helen.
I think I know what
this is really about.
You feel guilty.
This Trouvier deal, you feel like
on some level you don't deserve it.
But you do.
You and your brother...
You've earned this level of support.
And support comes with a price.
Exactly.
So wouldn't your time be better
spent pursuing the perfume deal?
You've already got Cassatt on the hook
and we're having that
breakfast with him...
- We can have it all.
- Are you sure about that?
Because you've told Claude he can be as
extravagant and bold as he wants to be...
Then don't compromise the vision.
You can't do half a somersault.
You get hurt.
- I worry about you.
- I know.
That's what drives me.
Pardon. I just spoke with the bride.
She's decided that the high
collar is flattering after all.
And...
I knew you were the
one to convince her.
And the Minister's office called.
Monsieur Gambon will
attend the luncheon.
Eliette Malet's office called as well.
She'll swing by after her breakfast
meeting at the magazine.
Oh, splendid.
Is there anything else?
No, that's more than enough.
Thank you, Charlotte. Good night.
I was only surprised Monsieur
wanted to see Nina in them.
He's never really designed for... girls.
She has a connection to the clothes.
I mean, he may design but it
takes Nina and her mother to...
to bring 'em to life. Right?
I suppose.
But she always seemed
happy to be on the bench.
All the girls are.
Things are tough.
Better to be working over an ironing
board than sleeping on one.
Were you here? In Paris during the war?
It was a confusing time.
If you stepped onto a bus and a
German soldier offered you his seat,
what were you supposed to do?
Do you take it or...
do you stand?
And if you did take it,
does that make you...
People were... quick to judge.
Some still are.
Did anybody... judge Monsieur Sabine?
- For what?
- I just mean,
can you think of anybody in the
studio who might... resent him?
Besides his brother.
Why would his brother... resent him?
I want to dance. Come on,
Billy, dance with me.
So why is it OK to eat asparagus with
your fingers and not green beans?
I don't make the rules, darling.
Just trying to educate you.
OK, what about corn?
- Corn?
- Yeah.
Corn is for chickens.
Well, can they eat it with their hands?
Where are we?
I thought you said there
was a better club?
I did. But the better
ones don't have signs.
Do they have doors?
It's too late, Billy. Picture
show's already started.
But if you want to sit in the dark...
Well, it can't be any darker than
the last place you took me to.
Oh, my!
Still a work in progress but
it's slowly coming to life.
Oh, no, dear, it's alive.
I want to lick it.
The pattern's an homage
to Lemare's tulipe coat.
Yes, of course it is, but you've
raised it to a whole new level.
You devil.
My intention is only to pay tribute.
He's never really been given
his due as a designer.
No, you're spot on. He's been
taken for granted, hasn't he?
-Now what else can I see?
-You're being naughty, Eliette.
And if I show you more...
...you'll just fall asleep at my show.
I did that once!
Who knew you couldn't wash down
two aspirin with a daiquiri?
- What else can I see?
- No, honestly,
I invited you here so that we
could be naughty together.
Ooh, really?
Frederic mentioned that he
was lunching with you today
and I thought it would
be a perfect opportunity
to host a small gathering in his honour.
Today?
How could you possibly toss
together a luncheon that quickly?
I've already started.
I know it's a bit rash but
there's a visiting reporter
from the States doing a
story on Monsieur Lemare.
I want him to see Frederic
toasted by his nearest and dearest.
Count me in. Plus one.
These weeks before the show,
he just loses all track of time.
Perhaps we can do this another day.
No, no, he'll be here.
My uncle told me to ask
about your lovely daughter.
- What is her name?
- Cesar.
We have no daughter. Just Cesar.
Oh. I misunderstood.
- Is he married?
- Only in his mother's imagination.
There's a steady stream of girls
but his real passion seems to
be reserved for his Bugatti.
Tante Josephine did mention that he was
training to be a professional racer.
Hmm. That's in his imagination.
Helen, if your husband has more
important business to tend to...
Nothing is more important than this.
He is very eager to share
with you the new look
and the themes, the essence...
Really? I was under the impression
he was guarding a state secret.
He is not meeting with
anyone but you, Pierre.
May I show you something?
Well... this is auspicious.
Claude?
- What?
- A card. Turn it over.
Oh. That one.
The Chariot.
Soon you will receive
the admiration of many.
Who cares?
I'd rather be one
person's shot of whisky
than everybody's cup of tea.
Turn over the next one.
I don't even know why
I'm doing it any more.
Doing what?
I remember watching Celeste
get ready for work.
Celeste? From the brothel next door?
You were a little boy.
This is who you were thinking about?
She may have been a silly
whore to you, but not to me.
During the day, she was just another...
sad, lonely dishrag of a girl but...
...at night...
...at night she became someone else.
And her clothes were cheap
but they were bright.
They had swagger and... she
looked six inches taller.
And I remember thinking,
with the right dress,
the right shape, the right colour...
...you could create a world
that you wanted to live in.
You could take away the misery.
And now...
Now I realise that...
...those clothes, there
was no magic in them.
They didn't change a goddamn thing.
They just...
They just covered it up.
I didn't find her silly.
Celeste.
She was the one who told me to leave a
plate of meringue beside the Seine.
Why?
An offering to the Goddess of the River.
To find love.
I see.
I see. And did, erm... did
the Goddess hear you?
What shiftless bastard did the
river throw up that time?
You.
Gentlemen, thank you so much for coming.
Would you excuse me? Monsieur Gambon, thank
you for coming at such short notice.
My pleasure. I sensed the whole thing
was put together at short notice.
I've been meaning to do this for a while
and finally the timing felt right.
- Enjoy yourself.
- Thank you.
- Billy.
- Oh, sorry.
Make sure you get some flattering
shots of that gentleman.
-He's here on the President's behalf.
-Right.
Hi. How are you?
OK, just hold it right there. Thank you.
-That's great. ROSSI: No, really,
it's fine. I'll keep my coat.
- You shouldn't be here.
- I was invited.
I'm doing a story on the
guest of honour, remember?
Don't forget, kid, I speak
more than one language.
Monsieur Rossi. So glad
you could join us.
How are you?
Billy, take a picture, would you?
Yeah. Great.
Excuse me.
What are we doing here? I thought
we were going to the Meurice.
I bumped into your protégé this morning,
and he invited us to join him for lunch.
I'm guessing he's riddled with doubt
over some design or other
and needs reassurance.
Here you go, monsieur. Keep the change.
I saw him yesterday. He
said nothing about this.
Oh, darling, come on.
Everybody knows the black
beast of insecurity
only visits in the middle of the night.
- Come along.
- Eliette...
Oh, come on.
He's in a state. And you
needn't say a word.
You can just sit there
like a Buddha and smile.
Let him rub your belly.
Of course.
Balou! Balou, where are you?
Balou, come back!
Balou!
Come back!
Balou! Stop!
Balou!
It means he likes you.
He's giving you kisses.
No, he's not my type.
Maybe he is.
Are you ill?
Define "ill".
Well, I only sleep during
the day if I'm ill.
Oh.
And who are you?
Josette. That's our farm over there.
Are you an artist?
No.
An artist seeks to
communicate his inner life
to the outside world with integrity.
I bend to the whims, however
capricious, of ladies
who can afford to pay the price
of a pretty frock or two.
I make princesses.
Can you make me into a princess?
This is Dominique. She's our top model.
Frederic. Absolute perfection.
Yum-yum. And I don't just mean
this glorious lunch, Paul.
Billy? Can you get a picture of that?
I remember that.
Did you design that for Jean Harlow or
Gene Tierney? Is one of those a man?
Diaphanous.
I wanted that dress the
first time I saw it.
I didn't know what life I'd be wearing
it in, but I thought, "Damn it.
"As soon as I find out, I'm buying it."
Oh, I remember that. I loved it.
And that. Really wonderful, darling.
Could we speak in private for a moment?
- Gorgeous.
- Excuse me.
What the hell are you doing?
I'm toasting you, Frederic.
Securing your place as a legend,
so you can leave this
business untouchable.
And what makes you think
I'm leaving this business?
You're about to announce
your retirement.
The fuck I am!
You don't have a choice.
I'm gonna make it unwise for a reporter
to diminish your status
as a national hero.
A hero who's trading the
hectic showrooms of Paris
for a country garden in Spain.
You little prick.
I made you!
Yes, but now you're
prepared to destroy me.
But I still have enough
respect for you to help you.
Help? I don't need your help.
I covered my tracks.
I never made the trips to Berlin.
You did.
I'm the one with the medal on my shelf.
What have you got?
The gentleman sitting next to Eliette
is from the President's office.
If you decide to slit my
throat, blood will splatter
the very people who gave you that medal.
Retire now, Frederic.
If you're not in the game, they'll
forget that you broke the rules.
You've always been way
too sure of yourself.
Well, I've had enough
surprises for one day.
I'll be leaving now.
No, you won't. You might be vain but
you're not stupid. I'm saving both of us.
You did it for power, Frederic.
I did it to save someone I love.
The difference may matter to you.
It won't to anybody else.
For almost 30 years,
every woman... directly or
indirectly... has worn a Lemare.
And it is my supreme pleasure
to give my great friend, Frederic,
the first Visionary Award
on behalf of Jules De Modes magazine.
Long live the King!
Eliette, thank you.
The years I've devoted to this industry
have never felt like work.
It is a passion.
And I cannot imagine what
I would do without it.
Which is why receiving this award...
...makes what I have to say
all the more difficult.
I will not be showing
another collection.
It's time to step off the stage...
...and make way for the
bold new talents...
worthy of your attention.
Rossi. Where you going?
Back to my hotel.
Your boss is even more
slippery than I thought.
Good luck, kid.
That was short. What happened?
We need to find someone else.
Someone who can't be bribed
with a phony award and a slab of cake.
- What's this?
- My castle.
Oh.
Did you make it yourself?
No. One day it just showed up.
This pile of rocks.
Like magic.
Oh.
- Here's the moat...
- Right.
-...and that's the drawbridge.
-Oh! Sorry.
And these are my guards.
They protect my castle.
See their uniforms?
This one's uniform looks
like it's been...
...damaged in battle.
May I?
Now if only we had some more feathers.
We do. I'll show you.
You can only take them from the outside.
If their mama smells you,
she might not come back.
Right.
I made that for Lady Pritchard.
- Very elegant.
- So was she.
She could fall down a flight of stairs
without breaking her champagne glass.
Monsieur Lemare must have been gutted
when you left his house.
I learnt a lot from him.
He taught me that every smart
dress should have pockets.
I just have to figure
out how to hide them.
Nina?
My God, I almost didn't recognise you.
I need to speak to Monsieur.
I'll be back.
May I interrupt?
Nina.
- What have you done?
- I cut it. For you.
I heard you wanted
models with short hair.
- But you made it very clear...
- I changed my mind.
But I won't do it on a
seamstress's salary.
I see.
Welcome back.
How did it go?
Was Lemare pleasantly surprised?
I'd say we all were.
Can I help?
I thought you'd be asleep at your desk.
Can I tell you about the
breakfast you missed?
I couldn't get there. I'm sorry.
I understand the master
is filling many plates,
but now you have one
less to worry about.
Monsieur Cassatt didn't
need to see much.
I showed him one sketch. Just... one.
And I told him that you ripped it up
because I questioned the sleeves.
It made him smile. Evidently
he and Madame Cassatt
live in a permanent state of...
...disagreement.
What's wrong?
I needed to be there.
Why? Paul, you can't be
in two places at once
and you were willing to
move heaven and earth
to make the Lemare tribute happen today.
I needed to be there. This
is my house, my name.
I specifically said I didn't
want him to see those sketches
and you showed them to him anyway.
He needed to see something.
And it worked.
So my wife knows better?
The only reason we have
Cassatt at the table
is because my uncle made that call.
Do you resent that, too?
Yes, I do.
Your aunt and uncle are buying the meat
and now you're cutting it up
and asking me to open wide.
Your chair was empty.
He was slighted by that.
For some Godforsaken reason,
your past was more important
to you than your future,
and I had to save an
embarrassing situation.
By making it more embarrassing.
Now that you and Claude
seem to be the new team,
maybe I should find
another line of work.
Oh! You.
You, uh... you look like...
Joan of Arc.
I stopped by your station earlier...
Why were you looking for me?
Well, because I saw something and
I thought you might like it.
Ahh. How... How did you know?
Because, um... I'm paying attention.
Billy?
I told my friends we'd
meet them at the restaurant.
Right.
It's almost nine.
I'll... see you tomorrow.
Monsieur?
What is it, Charlotte?
It's done. I just thought you
might want to have a last look.
Thank you.
What did you ultimately say to her,
to take her hands away from her neck?
Her nerves weren't about the dress.
It was about the next 50 years.
- Do you approve?
- That's a gem.
Thank you.
Just need to
get a few more things.
Keep your paws off that folder.
The ink is still wet.
Why didn't you wash this out?
There's soup in it.
Well... pour it out. Feed a squirrel.
You'll be hungry later.
Why don't we just eat here?
What's the rush?
You'll do better at home. This kind
of damp's no good for anybody.
Home?
I don't know why you think
my home is any drier.
I have mushrooms growing in my shoes.
We need to get back to your brother.
Hurry up.
Hang on. I've got a bag inside.
Don't dawdle!
- sync and corrections by Caio -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org